CONGRESSMAN DESANTIS AND JIM
JORDAN WITH STANDING BY TO REACT
TO THIS BREAKING STORY.
WHAT WOULD YOU SAY IF I TOLD YOU
YOUR VOTE DOESN'T COUNT.
THAT ALL THE EFFORT YOU PUT INTO
THE ISSUE AND CANDIDATES IS A
WASTE OF TIME.
THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE AT THE
CITADEL OF POWER WHO BELIEVE IT
IS THEIR RIGHT TO INVALIDATE
YOUR CHOICE IF THEY DON'T AGREE
WITH IT.
FOLKS, THIS IS NOT ABOUT
POLITICS.
IT'S MUCH BIGGER.
I DOUBT AN AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL
HISTORY THERE HAS BEEN AS GREAT
A CRIME OR AS LARGE A STAIN ON
OUR DEMOCRACY THAN THAT
JUSTICE WHO THINK THEY KNOW
BETTER THAN WE WHO OUR PRESIDENT
SHOULD BE.
THE LAST WEEK I TOLD YOU IT ALL
STARTED WHEN CARDINAL COMEY
DESTROYED OUR FBI WITH POLITICAL
HACKS TO SET EVENTS IN MOTION,
TO DESTROY THE RUB, BECAUSE THEY
DIDN'T LIKE THE MAN WE CHOSE TO
BE OUR PRESIDENT.
WELL, IT'S TIME TO TAKE THEM OUT
IN CUFFS.
I TOOK LOT OF HEAT FOR THAT AND
GOT A LOT OF PUSHBACK, INCLUDING
STEPHEN COLBERT WHO I ADVICED TO
COME ON JUSTICE AND SAY WHAT HE
SAID TO MY FACE.
BRANCH.
I HEREBY DOUBLE DOWN.
THIS WEEK WE SAW DOCUMENTS THAT
GAVE US CONTEXT OR MOTIVE FOR
THE CRIME FOR THE CRIME I
NOT THAT WE NEED MOTIVE SINCE
THE ELEMENTS OF THE CRIMES HAVE
MEMBERS OF THE FBI AND THE
MUELLER'S TEAM TO PROSECUTE
DONALD TRUMP DID EVERYTHING THEY
COULD TO EXONERATE HILLARY
CHANGE GROSSLY NEGLIGENT, AN
ELEMENT OF THE CRIME TO
EXTREMELY CARELESS IN AN EFFORT
TO TAKE HILLARY'S ACTS OUT OF
THE CRIMINAL REALM WHERE THERE
ARE NO CRIMINAL KONLSS.
REMOVE REASONABLY LIKELY HACKED
HACKING OF TOUR CLASSIFIED
MATERIAL ON HILLARY CLINTON'S
COMPLETELY STUN SECURED SERVER
WHICH THE ROW MAINIAN HACKER
GUCCIFER TOLD NBC NEWS FROM A
PRISON WAS AS EASY AS OPENING AN
ORCHID ON THE INTERNET.
THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR
CHANGING THE LANGUAGE IS PETER
STRZOK.
A BUTTON MAN OF JAMES COMEY.
THE ONE WHO OVERSAW THE STRUM
DOSSIER AND SAT IN ON HILLARY
CLINTON'S INTERVIEW AND AGREED
TOGETHER, UNHEARD OF IN LAW
ENFORCEMENT, AND ALSO STRZOK THE
ONE WHO INTERVIEWED MICHAEL
STRZOK WAS A STUDENT OF ANDREW
McCABE AND ACCORDING TO THE
SQUALL STREET JOURNAL, STRZOK,
AND McCAKE AND LISA PAGE MET
AROUND THE SAME TIME THE FBI
LAUNCHED ITS
TRUMP-RUSSIA TIES.
STRZOK WAS REPORTED TO HAVE
SIGNED THE AFFIDAVIT BASED ON
THE FALSE DOSSIER.
THIS CRIME FAMILY SHOWS ITS
MOTIVES AND CLEAR INTENTS IN
AUGUST OF 2016 WHEN SOLDIER
STRZOK SAYS IN A TEXT, I WANT TO
BELIEVE THE PATH YOU THREW OUT
FOR CONSIDERATION IN ANDY'S
STOFS, AN APPARENT REFERENCE TO
DEPUTY DIRECTOR ANDREW McCABE,
THERE IS NO WAY HE GETS ELECTED.
BUT I AM AFRAID WE CAN'T TAKE
THAT RISK IT'S LIKE AN INSURANCE
POLICY IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT YOU
DIE BEFORE YOU ARE 40, CLOSE
QUOTE.
INSURANCE POLICY?
THE DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE FBI,
HIS DEPUTY ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
AND HIS GIRLFRIEND IN THE FBI
LEGAL DEPARTMENT PLOTTING A
SCHEME IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT
DONALD TRUMP GETS ELECTED?
THEY ARE NOT WILLING TO TAKE THE
RISK THAT WE'LL ELECT THEM?
AND SO THE CONSPIRACY TO
LATER THE DEPUTY DIRECTOR FAY
COMPLAINTS TOMORROW EACH OTHER
SAYING THEY WERE FORTUNATE, THEY
ARE THEY WERE MEANT TO PROTECT
THE COUNTRY FROM THAT MENACE.
THE ASSOCIATE ATTORNEY GENERAL
AND HIS WIFE, THEIR OWN LITTLE
CRIME FAMILY.
FUSION GPS IS THE COMPANY THAT
HIRED CHRISTOPHER STEELE WITH
HILLARY'S MONEY.
THE ASSOCIATE ATTORNEY GENERAL'S
WIFE WORKED FOR FUSION GPS AND
OHR ARRANGES A MEETING AFTER THE
ELECTION WITH FUSION GPS WHICH
COULD BE FOR THE PURPOSE OF
COVERING HIS OWN TRACKS OR TO
GET THEIR STORIES STRAIGHT IN
ABBREVIATED VERSION A CRIMINAL
CABAL LIKE A CRIME FAMILY IN THE
MOVIES, EXCEPT THIS TIME THE FBI
IS THE CRIME FAMILY.
AS WITH ALL CRIME FAMILIES, THE
HEAD NEEDS SOMEBODY SOMEONE IS
HOLIER THAN THOU.
CALLED BEHIND HIS BACK, CARDINAL
VIOLATING ANY STATUTE THAT GOT
STRZOK.
THEY ARE GETTING OFF IN THEIR
FIGHT TO SAVE THE COUNTRY FROM
DONALD TRUMP.
SOUNDS FAR-FETCHED, DOESN'T IT.
IT'S NOT.
THERE IS A CORE GROUP OF
ARROGANT, CORRUPT, LAWLESS
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, AND WHEN
THEY HAD FAILED THEY CONSPIRED
TO CREATE THE FALSE NARRATIVE TO
NOT JUST MUDDY TOUR CHOICE FOR
PRESIDENT BUT TO BRING DOWN HIS
PRESIDENCY AND HIS FAMILY AS
WELL.
STILL NOT SURE?
I ASK YOU TO LOOK BACK ON A
PREDICTION MADE BY A POWERFUL
>> LET ME TELL YOU, YOU TAKE ON
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITIES,
THEY HAVE SIX WAYS FROM SUNDAY
OF GETTING BACK AT YOU.
JUDGE JEANINE: THE ONLY THING
THAT WEE REMAINS IS WHETHER WE
HAVE THE FORTITUDE TO NOT JUST
FIRE THEM IMMEDIATELY, BUT TO